Use a bundled JRE version 11 in the product and update platform (#289)
hexatomic/hexatomic: docs/dev/src/development/getting-the-source-code.md

During the build, some tests are being run that start Hexatomic and automatedly interact with the graphical user interface.
You must not use the keyboard or mouse during these GUI tests, as this may interfere with the automated interactions.

> If you want to keep working during the local build, you can run the build "headlessly", i.e., with the help of a virtual display server, e.g., the included `releng/sh/metacity-run.sh` script.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to keep working during the local build, you can run the build "headlessly", i.e., with the help of a virtual display server. 
To do this on Linux, for example, you can run the script `releng/sh/metacity-run.sh` from the root of the local repository:

`./releng/sh/metacity-run.sh mvn clean install`
```
